Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
-- What the hell
are you wearing?
- You're not going
to the prom
- dressed like a tramp!
- What?
You want me to wear my
communion dress?
I'm 18. You don't own me!
-I hate you!
-- Watch your mouth.
young lady!
Just shut up!
- Well.
if you're not changing.
you're not going!
-To Satan. giver of youth and
-- I'm not going to the prom
-happiness.
-- dressed like
an old spinster!
-- No. no. no!
-Come. almighty Eternal Devil.
- No. no. no!
NYC's top pop radio!
Hello New York!
What a beautiful day.
This one goes out to Jessie
from David who says.
"Let's make some
memories this weekend!"
Oh David. look!
An antique store!
-It looks cute!
Come on. let's go. please?
-No. no.
What about the reservations?
We're running late already.
-The weather's getting bad.
-Are you serious?
-Come on.
-Okay.
You're right.
Let's go antiquing.
-Yay! I love you!
You know what?
This place is awesome.
I knew it would be worth it.
Oh wow.
This place is unbelievable.
I've never seen
anything like this.
Oh. hello.
You know where I'll be.
Okay.
-Have fun.
I need to take some shots
for my blog anyways.
-I'm behind.
-Sure.
-I'll be here when you're done.
-Oh God!
-Hey-- Hey Jessie.
It is you. isn't it?
I'm sorry. who are you?
Oh. I'm...
just one of your fans.
Wow.
Your...
Your skin is so beautiful.
You're even prettier in person.
-You're--
-Oh. please.
-Don't touch me.
-It's cool. it's cool.
Sorry. sorry. sorry.
I just... wanted to get a
picture with you?
For my blog?
-Oh. um...
Please?
Yeah. sure.
Cool. cool.
cool. cool. Come here.
Hey. How's it going?
Good. good. There's some
cool stuff in here.
-Glad we stopped.
Look at this.
-It's sort of cute.
What is it?
I don't know.
Some 1920's creature.
Can you believe someone thought
this was like a great gift
for a baby?
Well. it sure
explains why my parents
are so dysfunctional.
-Hmm.
-Oh!
I think I'll take a pic
with this and send it out
to all my crazy fans.
-You know what?
I hate it when you do that.
I don't like having my face
plastered all over the internet.
Especially not with that thing.
It's a toy. David.
I mean. I'm posting it
as a part of my vacation
for my fans.
Come on. after all.
you are the love of my life.
Yeah. well.
I love you too. baby.
But that thing is horrible!
-Let's hit the road. huh?
-Okay.
You okay?
I'm sorry.
Hm? I didn't mean to
explode at you. I just...
I just...
I detest the whole
social media thing.
And I hate selfies.
That's not it.
It's something else.
Well. what?
There was this guy
at the antique mall.
He came up behind me
and scared me.
What the fuck?
Said he recognized me.
was a fan.
Just wanted a photo with me.
but he... touched me.
God. you know I hate when
strangers touch me.
So. go on.
Well. he took the photo
and just vanished.
I mean. he just disappeared.
Really creeped me out.
You see. Jessie?
That's what I'm talking about.
If you post your
entire life on social media.
I mean.
you have to expect
that you're gonna get
some creepy guys following you.
Literally. doing
God know what
with your photo.
Oh. Jessie! Oh. my God!
-God. you're such a jerk!
-Ow!
I'm sorry.
You'll be okay.
Where's the entrance to this
highway? It's gotta be
around here somewhere.
I can see. it's right there!
-Goddamnit!
This is not the highway!
What? We're going
to be late for our reservation.
You know how funny
these B&B people can get.
And you know what?
I don't wanna get stuck
in some cramped room.
Can you call them?
God! You know.
you need to chill.
-Yeah.
-So what if we're late?
-They charged my credit card
in advance anyways.
-Yeah.
-You're right.
-I know! David. my favorite!
Yeah. uh-huh.
♪ Your hands on the wheel
♪ Driving like it's stolen
And ya don't know
Where you're going
♪ But you know that you feel
♪ Like an outlaw ♪
-- It's a good song.
-- Oh. hell yeah!
Oh! Got it! It's the tractor
on the yellow road sign!
How are you so good at this?
Okay. my turn. Hmm...
-I'm gonna make this tough.
-Great.
Okay. I spy something red.
Well. it better not be a cop
pulling us over. I'm driving
way over the speed limit.
-Oh. it's that barn over there?
-Oh. you are so cold.
Um... Is it your car?
No. but you're getting warmer.
-Here. I'll give you a hint.
-Okay.
Take a peek.
Oh. my God.
-Babe. stop doing that.
Don't be such a grouch.
-Jessie.
-What are you doing?
Would you stop doing that?
-What?
Oh. fuck! Shit!
- My phone!
-Uh. we're gonna
have to pull over.
-Great.
I don't fucking believe this.
How the hell did this get here?
Jessie! What are you doing?
My phone! It's ruined!
God. now what?
Thank God.
Wait. what is that?
-Is that the thing from
the antique mall?
-Yeah.
-Well. get it out of my tire!
-I don't want to touch it!
I'll just leave it
stuck in there.
I'll put on the spare.
Oh. David? I got a flat a while
back and I used the spare.
-I guess I forgot about
getting a new one.
-Okay.
Do you have roadside coverage?
You can use my phone?
No. But if you get
this thing out of my tire.
we can drive
to a service station.
Well. I don't know how far
we can get with a flat tire.
It's fine. Just get it out of
my tire. all right?
I hate this area.
Oh. I'm taking it.
What?
I want to know
how it got there!
This place is a ghost town.
- Jess. I'm afraid
the axle is gonna break.
Let's just park and find
a place to stay.
Look at this building.
It could be right out of France.
You mean hotel.
- Huh?
This building that you're
drooling over instead of me?
-Yeah?
-Yeah. it's a hotel.
There's a sign. See?
Well. let's get our overnights.
It says use the back entrance.
I guess this place
is called Monroe Manor.
Oh! Pretty and smart.
Well. someone has to be the
brains behind this outfit.
Well then. Einstein.
let's follow the arrows.
I know you're pissed off but
this could be fun. right?
A little adventure.
spontaneous. excitement.
I'd rather be in Saratoga.
-Norman!
-Norman are you home?
-Okay. that's not funny.
- Huh.
-Jeez! Don't do that.
God. this place gives
me the creeps.
Yeah. but I like
the architecture in here.
I'll have to ask about it and
take some photos before the
partners meeting next week.
Yes. yes!
This building is a gem.
It was constructed
in 1898 as the City Hall.
But then the owner's family
purchased it in 1982
and did renovations.
But then...
Plans changed.
Things happened.
But no worries!
I am Salim.
Welcome to Monroe Manor.
Well. hi. Salim.
I'm David Bradley.
and this is Jessie.
Now we're broken down
out the front with a flat tire.
no spare. so we need
a place to stay.
Flat and no spare.
Hmm.
Well. bad storm's
blowing in tonight.
Town is shutting up early.
You're gonna have to deal
with that tomorrow morning.
Lucky for you.
I do have a vacancy
in one of our best suites.
And our chef is serving
dinner until 9 P.M.
Place seems pretty dead.
Oh. no. no. no. no.
There are other
guests here. Jessie.
It's just there have been
so many cancellations
due to the bad weather.
And as you can see.
we are short-staffed.
But don't worry about
any of that. all right?
Tonight. you and David will
have me at your service.
So. all I need from you is.
if you could just...
...sign the guest register.
Don't you just
swipe a card or something?
Oh. no.
We do things
the old fashioned way here.
I just need your name.
an address and a phone number.
and just a hundred dollars.
cash only.
-Just to cover
the meal and drinks.
Jeez. I don't even
know if I have 200 cash.
Baby. do you have any?
-I know you were gonna
do some shopping.
-I guess so.
No. I'm so sorry.
I mean a hundred dollars
for both of you.
- Oh!
Okay.
- Ah.
- Here you go.
That seals the deal.
Follow me.
Let me show you to your room.
Now. you best stick close to me
because Monroe Manor
has many twists and turns.
It's easy to get lost
around here.
It does seem
a little odd in here.
but hey.
I love the architecture!
It's his job.
He just made partner.
Oh. congratulations!
That's great news.
And how about you. Miss Jessie?
Let me guess.
You're a model?
Yeah.
Hey. so that's a relic.
Is it original?
I see all the kids
are wearing them these days?
Oh yes. this was a present
from Mr. Monroe himself.
It keeps excellent time.
Well...
Our chariot awaits.
Here we are.
I believe that you'll find
your stay here most rewarding.
-Oh really?
-Mm-hmm.
Aha! Here it is.
Room 409.
Our most romantic suite.
Wow.
Oh yes. It has the most lovely
view of the courthouse.
Oh!
Babe. look at this building.
Jessie. it's a classic.
- Oh. yes. yes. yes.
everything here is vintage.
Oh come on. babe.
Look at the bright side.
You love antiques.
I hope this place
doesn't have black mold.
Mm-hmm.
- Oh.
let me have your phone.
I better call Saratoga and
let them know we'll be there by.
what? 11 tomorrow?
Yeah. good idea.
We're sorry.
all circuits are busy now.
All circuits are busy? What?
I don't know.
maybe the weather's bad?
Looks like there's
a storm brewing.
Do feel free to stop by
the lobby before
you go to dinner.
The restaurant can be
rather difficult to find.
Okay.
Thanks. Salim.
- Babe?
Can you bring me my shampoo?
I forgot it on the table.
Found it!
Um...
It's locked.
No. I left the door unlocked.
What's going on?
-Well. I don't know
what to tell you. it's locked.
-What's going on?
David. what's going on?
Seriously. Open the door!
Babe. just hold on for a second.
It might be jammed.
David. open the fucking door!
Ow!
This better not be
one of your tricks.
-David Bradley.
-No no! It wasn't me!
You know I hate
being locked in anywhere.
The door was jammed. I told you.
I got your shampoo.
- Hmm?
Oh.
- Oh.
Hey. I've got an idea.
How about I shampoo your hair?
-- David?
-Hm?
-Could you zip me up?
-Oh.
With pleasure.
-Come on. It's a mistake.
You smell so good.
Hmm. you look stunning tonight.
Just wait till tonight.
-Oh! Cheeky thing.
-Oh. He's cute.
This guy? Leroy Barnes?
-- He's a lucky guy.
One with me.
-You don't even have service.
-Your camera works.
I'll post it later.
-I bet you will.
Gotta get this chapter done.
Oh. I need coffee.
Fresh coffee.
Oh. I gotta get this
chapter done tonight.
-Oh!
I've been expecting you.
Come. We should get going.
Chef Linda closes the kitchen
promptly at 9 O'clock.
Yeah. You mentioned that.
I imagine this was
once quite a uh.
a grand City Hall.
and I guess the Monroe family
was very fortunate to obtain it.
Oh. yes. yes.
They're a very wealthy family.
They did their
best renovations here.
Interesting. Oh. actually.
that reminds me.
today we had a bit
of an incident in the bathroom.
See. the door got jammed.
and uh. well.
Jessie got locked in.
Oh. Oh. I'm--
I'm sorry. I'm...
I'm so sorry.
I will tell Mr. Monroe.
Well. thank you.
Yeah. Jessie normally never
locks the door. so it was
a little upsetting.
If you know what I mean.
No worries.
Old doorways and locks.
they tend to act out
when it gets damp.
Oh. it's okay. Salim.
We worked it out.
-- Hey Salim. wait up.
-- One.
-- I have a question.
-Two.
Three. four. five. six.
Hot date. Salim?
No. Not exactly.
I just have to tend
to another visitor.
But please.
Take a seat.
-- Thank you.
Well...
Chef Linda will be
down in just a moment.
Thank you.
-I think he...
What's with the plastic watch?
It's so annoying!
I know. He's an odd one.
Did I mention how beautiful
you look tonight?
- Good time.
So. this guy continues
to tell me for. like.
an hour about how
Frank Lloyd Wright
is the greatest of all time.
I said. " How could you say
that if you've never been
to Barcelona to see Galvany?"
Good evening. I'm Chef Linda.
Tonight's menu is prime rib and
baked potato.
and pineapple upside down cake
for dessert.
Oh. um. No. I'm a vegetarian.
David! She just ignored me.
I mean. I have barely eaten
anything today.
I mean. I'm sure she heard you.
It's okay. You won't starve.
Are you saying I'm fat?
You know I have to look good
for my blog.
No. I'm just saying that
I'm sure she heard you and that
she'll bring you some food.
So relax.
and enjoy this lovely room.
Mmm. baby.
It looks like you
have another admirer.
God. David. don't be gross.
Well. that's what you get
when you put yourself
on social media.
Well.
you have a better suggestions?
Yeah.
I could think of a few things.
Yeah. I'd share wine--
-Compliments of the house.
-Ahh! Thank you!
Enjoy.
With my deepest apologies
for being understaffed
this evening.
and for that mishap
with the bathroom door.
Eugene Monroe.
Welcome to Monroe Manor.
Yeah. thanks.
We love this place.
Well.
enjoy your stay.
Father Betancourt.
Thanks for taking care
of our little lady.
♪ Whispering in my ear ♪
Not bad.
Ow! Damn!
God. this place sucks.
It's just one night.
Hey.
I can share my steak with you.
-Oh. God. No. no. no.
-- Just a little steak-ie?
-- No?
-- Stop.
- One. two. three.
Three.
One. two. three.
Two. three. four. five.
-Hey. you cheated!
-No. you're a liar!
I saw you cheat! I hate you!
God damn it. Linda!
You forgot to serve dessert.
Wait.
Something's terribly off here.
All the loops are off.
Yummy time.
I am sorry for the delay.
Chef Linda. she always closes
the kitchen promptly at 9 p.m.
Oh. where is the chef?
I want to thank her
for my baked potato.
- Jess!
I'm sorry.
-It has been such great service.
-- I know. right?
You know what? Fuck it.
I'm not counting
calories tonight.
Perhaps I can interest you
in some port.
Would you be interested
in some port?
We have some 1980s
vintage port from Portugal.
Oh! More vintage.
Thank-- thank-- thank you.
Salim. This is...
This is delicious.
Thank you.
Have a good night.
Cheers.
Jess. come on.
We'll have more fun tomorrow.
hmm?
How about we. uh.
take some photos. eh?
-Show you fans
how much fun you're having?
The only good thing
about this place is the booze.
You know what?
This tastes pretty good.
Try some.
Come on.
-Hmm.
-Mmm.
Delicious.
Oh. Vintage lights too?
-- How charming.
-Now what?
No power?
Oh. come one. David.
It's romantic.
Did you plan this all
for a reason?
Huh? No. No. This sucks.
He must not have stayed
for dessert.
What? Who?
The cowboy and his pony.
God. you're so disgusting.
Hey.
I'm sorry I dragged you here.
I mean...
you deserve better than this.
David. I know I'm being a bitch.
but I just...
you know what look. I'm sorry.
I know you're trying to make
the best of the situation.
That's my girl.
I am sorry to break the mood.
but we have the elevator running
right now.
But I don't know how long
the generator will last.
so I'll have to ask you
to follow me.
Now.
Oh. my God. David!
Hurry.
-- The kids! They're dead!
-Hey. hey. What?
- What's wrong?
- Miss. Jessie. please.
calm down. There's nobody here.
My children went to bed
when you were having dinner.
Yeah. Salim's right.
There's no one in there.
It's okay.
- Your kids are here?
Isn't it late?
Yes. well. we've lived here...
since my wife passed away.
I'm so sorry.
- Too much port. huh?
No. no. I saw them. I saw them.
- I think she just needs
some sleep.
Yes. we must hurry.
We must hurry. Come. come.
-- Grab her bag.
-- Yes. yes.
Go to sleep.
-- I'm not going to the prom
dressed like a--
--  I hate you!
--  Watch you mouth.
young lady.
-- No! No!
Oh. um.
I'm sorry to disturb you. sir.
but...
We have a problem.
-All the loops are off.
-That's your fault.
I told you just the girl.
But...
I thought you said you wanted
both of them.
-Eugene. what about my children?
-It's too late.
You have empowered the demon.
Now. we've got to work fast
before all hell breaks loose.
What have I done?
Jessie?
Gotta get this done.
Gotta get this chapter done.
I need coffee.
I'll see you in hell.
What the fuck? Ahhh. God!
What the fuck? What is this?
Get the fuck--
Jessie!
Jessie.
Fuck.
Jessie!
Oh. my God!
Fuck!
Oh!
Baby. we gotta get outta here.
I'm serious. We have to leave.
Now.
Jessie?
I'm serious. we have to go.
Baby?
Fuck.
Wake up!
Jess!
All right.
I'll be back in a minute. okay?
-Oh. fuck!
God! Jess!
Okay.
What the hell is going on?
Salim?
Salim!
Salim. We got a problem here!
Hey! Your showers are spitting
out black shit. man!
Salim?
What the fuck?
Oh. God!
You... you okay?
Fuck.
Salim!
Fuck!
Oh. God. Oh. God.
Hey. Hey old man. um.
have you seen Salim around?
Because uh. uh. Linda.
Linda the Chef. um...
I was just in the kitchen
and she was lying
on the ground. and...
she-- she's dead!
You hear what I'm saying?
She's fucking dead!
All right. well...
I don't normally drink
this stuff. but I'm...
I'll be honest with you.
I'm having a bit of a bad night.
I mean. my fiance.
she's all pissed off at me.
There's this... this black goo
that keeps shooting out
of the shower.
I mean what the fuck
is the deal with all
the black goo around here?
Were you listening
when I told you
that the chef is dead?
- I'm listenin'.
Take care of your little lady.
Jesus.
No thanks for your help. buddy.
I guess you stay here
long enough.
you become an alcoholic.
-Salim?
Salim. is that you?
Fuck you. Salim. Just fuck you!
Damn!
Nothing in this place works!
David! Salim!
Open the damn door!
Shit.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
Soon as I saw it.
I knew she was something
special.
I didn't expect to see you here.
How can I help you?
Who was that?
He gave you money?
It was a-- a tow truck driver
that I-- I-- I hired to get rid
of the evidence.
-He called me earlier.
-Really?
Why did you sell the car?
Well. I thought that if we were
using the owners
to help get my children's souls
back. then we could--
Give me the cash.
We've got bigger problems. Look.
- What?
How is this possible? Wait.
Wait. Let me rewind it.
- I locked David
and Jessie in their room.
We'll deal with them later.
-  Salim?
-He's out.
--  Salim. is that you?
That's impossible.
Humming?
Find him.
I'm getting Jessie.
- Salim?
Is that you?
- Who are you?
Are you okay?
Come play with us. David.
-Who's that?
-Just me. Rohan.
-Salim's dead son.
-- And me.
Dev. Don't you wanna come
and play with us?
Emma likes to play too.
David.
Thank God you're here!
David's missing
and there's black shit
all over the bathroom.
Now. now. Miss Jessie.
This is an old hotel.
we don't get many guests.
That's just rust from old pipes.
Yeah. no.
rust is not black and gross!
Don't be worried. all right?
Why don't you and I look
for David.
I have a flashlight.
The halls are dim
from the storm.
--  Help!
-Wait. did you hear that?
That's David!
Come on we have to go!
- Help me.
Help me.
Help.
She killed us.
- Jessie!
Jess.
Help! Help! Help!
Help!
Jessie!
- Jessie!
Jessie. I really need you!
Help me.
Shit.
I don't have the time for this.
Come on. Salim.
Answer the God damn phone!
Where the fuck are you?
Uh...
Come on.
No. No. no! No. Thomas.
don't do that!
I need coffee.
What is going on?
- Hmm.
-- Hmm.
All right. take it easy.
- Ah. okay.
Okay.
All right.
You must smell it.
It's magical. It's pachouli.
It's magical.
Oh. hey Salim!
What the fuck is going on here.
man?
You see me covered
in this black goo
from your lousy showers? Huh?
Or what about Chef Linda?
She's dead! Up in the kitchen!
Did you know that?
Or what about Thomas?
Thomas. the guy that likes
to hang himself in front of me!
-Hands up. chap.
-Whoa.
I owe you no explanation.
-Okay.
-You signed the guest register.
What the fuck?
Here ya go.
That seals the deal.
No.
You're crazy.
Aren't we all a little insane?
I wanna fix your hair.
Don't touch me!
Where's David?
David! Help!
Help me! Help me!
David?
Oh. he's not here!
You won't be seeing
David anymore.
What now? Salim!
Jessie?
Baby. Baby. we...
We gotta get outta here.
Baby. Wake up!
We have to get out of here.
You hear me?
Hey. I love you.
And I know this trip
hasn't gone to plan.
But I promise I'll make it up
to you. okay?
Baby?
Jessie?
What the fuck?
Jessie. weren't you just--
Jess! Fuck!
I'm sorry. Thomas.
You're on your own now.
What the hell are you wearing?
What?
You're not going to the prom
dressed like a tramp?
What? Do you want me
to wear my communion dress?
I'm 18. You don't own me!
I hate you!
Watch your mouth. young lady!
That's not the dress I bought
for you!
Take a chill pill. Mom!
Everyone will laugh at me
if I wear that thing!
Well. if you're not changing.
you're not going!
No! No! No! No!
I'm not going to the prom
dressed like an old spinster!
No! Emma! No!
What the fuck is going on here.
Eugene?
Where's Jessie?
And who is this crazy girl
following me?
It's my twin sister. Emma.
Bring him to the Lobby. Please.
Eugene?
I have him here. Eugene?
Where are you?
Eugene?
-Eugene? Eugene?
What the fuck did you do with
Jessie?
I hope that idiot
didn't kill him.
Fuck! You fucking shot me!
What the fuck?
God damn!
Fuck! What the fuck
is your problem?
Eugene?
Good. He's not dead yet.
David. if you ever want to see
Jessie again.
I suggest you drag yourself
over here.
What is this?
What's going on?
This is my private space.
You think Betancourt could keep
Emma controlled with just drugs?
He had help...
From me.
Where's Jessie?
I need to see her.
Keep the gun on him. Salim.
He's a strong one.
-Jessie...
-Shut up! This will be over soon
enough.
Move! Move!
All right!
What are you doing down here?
-It smells like death.
-None of your business.
Now. tie him up.
No! No!
He's bleeding!
Will you shut up?
Don't you understand
you're making things
worse for yourself?
That the demon inside of Emma
gets stronger with anger.
It will kill you in a heartbeat
and suck out your soul.
Ah. fuck!
Hey. Jessie!
Fuck man. It's gonna be okay.
I-- I got it under control.
Ow! Okay.
Oh poor Betancourt.
I'm gonna miss
these excellent powders.
What is your problem. princess?
Don't you want eternal life?
It's simple.
See. I give you to the beast.
And he gives me back
my precious sister.
Now we get out of this hotel
and you get to stay... Forever!
It's not that bad!
It's really not.
It's really not that bad!
What about my children?
What about Rohan and Dev?
I only brought these two
down here
so you could sacrifice them
for my children.
Your children are dead. Salim.
You're a fool. Salim.
This has always been about Emma.
You promised me!
I stayed here
and managed these dead souls!
Relived their lives
over and over again!
I've had to watch
my own children die.
day after day!
And now you're telling me
there is no demon.
there's just your sister?
You owe me!
-Stop. Eugene!
You can't do this!
Come. Daddy!
We're happy here!
Come play with us forever!
No! You've wasted 30 years!
Emma!
Sweet little Emma.
Forever a child.
Please forgive me.
I love you!
Die!
Jessie. Jessie!
You gotta get outta here. baby!
I'm gonna find help. okay?
It's going to be okay.
Baby--
I don't think
I'm gonna make it outta here.
No. it's gonna be okay.
It's gonna be okay.
I love you.
I love you too!
Look. I love you too.
Take my phone. so maybe...
-maybe it will work
and you can get help.
-I'm gonna get some help.
You's gonna be okay. right?
I'm gonna get help. okay?
I'll be back as soon as I can.
You're gonna be okay. yeah?
Goodbye. baby.
The number you've reached-
-Oh. you're freakin' useless!
Help!
Where's my car? Shit!
It's going to be okay?
I'll be back soon. okay?
I gotta find help.
Wait! Stop! Please help! Stop!
Thank you. I need your help.
Do you have a phone?
I need to call the police.
I hope you're not one of those
drunk college students that
throws up in my back seat.
You puke.
it's a $100 cash fee.
No. no. no! I'm not drunk.
I need the police!
My boyfriend has just been shot!
Well. I don't have my phone
with me.
but I can take you
to the police station.
You okay?
You look like
someone tried to hurt you.
Please. just take me
to the police station. Go!
Jeez. Just trying to be polite.
Wait. wait.
Do you have to go down there?
Yes.
Where did you get that?
That was in my car!
Hey!
Your car?
-What the hell is going on?
-Why?
Wanna take a selfie. Jessie?
Oh. my...
Oh. my God!
Oh! So now you wanna play hard
to get?
This is gonna be fun.
Look at that girl run!
Good thing I got
my runnin' boots on!
I'm coming for you. Jessie!
Asshole!
- David?
David! Where are you?
Where you going. Jessie?
Wanna play hide and seek.
do you?
- David. where are you?
Come out. come out.
wherever you are!
Damnit. Jessie!
Why are you such a bitch?
Go to hell. you son of a bitch.
David!
David?
What are you doing here?
Wait.
-David? David!
-- I'm up here at the bar!
Oh. my God.
David. I can't believe
I found you!
I love you.
Okay come on. we have to go.
You don't look so good.
Come on. let's sit down.
Let's make a toast. hmm?
To our victory.
Cheers.
What's the matter?
Aren't you going to drink up?
Come on.
Up. up. up. drink. drink!
No! No! I'm not
in the mood for whiskey!
I mean you have no idea
what I've been through
since I left for help!
That stalker guy from the
antique store stole my car
and took that creepy furry thing
with him.
I mean. he picked me up
in a fake taxi and is in here
trying to hurt me.
Didn't you hear him?
He's crazy!
No. I'm sorry. I can't say
that I heard anything.
I've been a little busy myself.
dealing with dead kids
tormenting me.
and that dead guy Thomas.
he hangs himself
in front of me.
and then I crawl to the elevator
and back to our room.
I'm sorry but I...
oh no no no...
There you are.
And who's this?
I thought you said that your
boyfriend was shot and dying?
Did you lie to me. Jessie?
Or is he one of the dead bodies
in the basement?
Now. now. Be nice.
I was shot.
but I'm feeling much better now.
I think Jessie just over-reacted
when she saw so much blood.
Jessie. Jessie. how many times
do I have to tell you
the dangers of
too much online exposure?
David!
No more exposure
when I'm through with you.
Apologize to her!
Now.
I'm really sorry.
I love Jessie.
I think she's so pretty.
And smart and funny.
And she was nice to me
when I was a total creep.
I'm really sorry.
it was a huge misunderstanding.
-I won't do it again.
-Shh. It's okay.
I'm sorry. Jessie.
What's wrong. Jessie?
I thought that you loved me.
I was gonna propose to you.
But when I got back to our room.
the ring was gone.
Any idea where it went?
No. David. I have no clue.
What's wrong with you?
"What's wrong with you?"
Stop. David!
Come here. Jessie.
Stay with me.
And we can live.
Here!
Forever.
Hmm?
David. I'm so sorry.
David.
David. I'm so sorry...